Nice goal. Nagi! Just like I envisioned it!
Reo. can I play hooky now?
Not yet. Five more goals. then you can.
Aw. How about four?
What was that goal just now?
A super long pass from over his shoulder?
Not to mention. the topspin on it
and how it dropped like a stone.
Controlling that ball on the run
is difficult enough in itself.
But he also had a defender
on either side of him.
If his control wasn't pinpoint.
they could've stolen it off him at any time.
But he plucked it out of the air
without breaking stride.
So many high-level techniques
were packed into that one moment.
That's the top-ranked player in Building 5...
Nagi Seishiro.
Five more goals?
What a hassle.
This is the monster we're up against?
Episode 9
Awakening
What the heck was that?
Pure luck.
It's only one goal.
It's time for us to attack! Amen!
We gotta do this.
That's right. We have to
stick to what we know.
Kunigami!
Right.
If I can get the ball there...
Ten more meters.
Six... Three...
You're still not in shooting range. are you...
Kunigami Gains-kun?
Team V
BL Ranking
nd
Hold it! I won't let you!
He's good at holding onto it.
Ready for another. Nagi?
The same play as before?
Stop him. Raichi and Igaguri!
I'll go press him!
That trick won't work a second time!
It popped up! This is our chance!
Seriously?
Wh-What the hell was that?
That was no joke.
Team V
BL Ranking
st
This is bad. It's already 2-0!
Our plan won't work now!
Is there a way out of this?
Hey. Kunigami!
Why'd ya let him take the ball?
Ya should've scored! If the front line
ain't doin' its job. we can't win!
Shut up.
Do your job and defend.
Enough!
If we lose this game. we're done.
We just need to play our best so we can win!
H-He's right! We can't give up!
Amen! Never give up!
Amen up!
We still have one weapon left.
Go. Chigiri!
Right!
The flank! Get the ball!
I will turn the tables
with these legs of mine!
This guy...
He's fast!
Someone was faster than Chigiri?
Nice. Zantetsu!
I'll go to him! He's gonna pass to Nagi!
Damn it! I'll drop back. too!
In that case...
Go on. Zantetsu.
This is your territory. right?
Oh. crap. We put too many people
on Nagi and left that guy free.
Move back up. Naruhaya!
Yeah. this is my territory.
Reo...
What exactly does "territory" mean?
Team V
BL Ranking
rd
Wearing fake glasses won't
make you smart. y'know.
Stupid Zantetsu.
We can still do this.
Amen up...
It's a hopeless situation.
Right now. none us believe
fighting to win is an option anymore.
I love it.
This is getting fun.
What's with that guy?
No idea.
Bachira. what are you talking about?
Huh? I mean. isn't that trio just incredible?
I'm all hyped up!
Huh? We're 3-0 down!
At this rate. we'll never—
Wait. Isagi. Don't tell me you're scared.
Sure. their goals were super special.
But the solution is obvious. We need...
to be super special. too!
Wha—
Isagi! Hey. pass!
Uh. but they already know our plan—
So we go beyond that.
C'mon. hurry it up or they'll steal it.
If weapons and formulas didn't work
when we used them to the max.
then if we manage to score against them.
it'll be when we've surpassed our limits. right?
The monster inside me is saying:
"We should be excited. not scared.
when we're in a desperate situation."
Bachira...
You're interesting.
Bring it on. Bachira Meguru!
You got it.
I'll run past you!
Wow.
Ultra-fast step overs?
Feinting left. but you're going right. yeah?
A roulette?
Zantetsu!
Oh no you don't. Blunt Bangs.
Speedy Specs.
In that case...
A lob?
If we both go for it.
I've got the advantage.
Outside. So he's going left.
Wait. right?
Zoom!
An air elástico?!
Hey. it worked! Wow. there's
no end to my inspiration!
My bad! Crazy guy inbound!
Just three more and I'm at the goal!
All three of you go tackle him!
I love it.
We're here to become the
best striker in the world.
If I can't beat you. that means
I'm only at that level as a striker.
Three more.
Bachira. you're amazing.
You look so happy to be playing soccer.
You're totally right.
If this is going to be the last serious
game of my whole soccer career...
Two...
One...
I can leave the despair for when I've lost!
Right now. in order to win. I will...
Boom!
Bastard! Don't screw with...
Aw yeah. Bachira!
A rabona?!
So cool!
Did you see my super special goal?
See? It's getting fun now. right?
Team Z
BL Ranking
th
Only plays where we push past
our limits will let us score goals!
They seem to have a sense
of. uh... complacency?
The word you want is "camaraderie."
Silly Zantetsu.
He's interesting.
We'll have to crush him completely.
Aw. man. Sounds like a hassle.
That was a super special
limit-breaking goal!
That was so cool. Bachira!
I feel like I can break my limits now. too!
Surpassing your limits doesn't
mean just being reckless.
Nice play. Bachira.
Wait. it doesn't?
That goal was born out of
Bachira's weapon: his dribbling.
Your "limit" means your formula. right?
Weapon
Situation
Our formulas aren't working in this game.
so we have to find new ones.
Situation
Weapon
You're right.
I tried all that stuff 'cause I was inspired.
and I just happened to succeed.
In short. we have to try new things
in this game and evolve. or we'll lose.
Right.
Bachira's play has
changed our perspective.
We have 65 minutes left.
What we need to do is evolve our ego!
Let's go get one more!
Yeah!
I'll find this evolved formula
that works only for me!
Just look at them. all hyped up like that.
They looked down and out a minute ago.
Hm? Are you mad. Reo?
Not really.
It's just. since Nagi and I took up soccer
six months ago. our record's spotless.
and I don't want a stain on it.
Huh? Six months ago?
Oh. wow. They're definitely monsters!
You've got to be kidding.
Raichi. man-mark Reo!
What? Why the hell should I?!
With your physique. we can pincer him!
Chigiri and Gagamaru.
cover the space that opens up!
We need to stop Reo before he sets up Nagi.
or they'll do the same thing again!
We'll go with that!
Adjust the formation!
Damn it.
I can't play my sexy
soccer in this position.
Fine. I'll do it. you bastards!
Team Z
BL Ranking
nd
But if we lose. I'll curse your
descendants till the end of time!
Grudge-bearing types aren't popular
with the ladies. Shark Teeth.
Can it!
I can't let my soccer career end with
me being a defender in a game like this!
Zantetsu!
Leave it to me.
I'll slice open a path to the goal again.
Oh no you don't!
It's my turn to crush you.
The speed king around
here is me. Stupid Specs!
We're not friends. so don't call me stupid...
slowpoke!
You ready. Nagi?
You think I'd stay quiet after you beat me?
I touched it. slowpoke!
Nice. Chigiri! Good job!
The pass went astray!
Now I can steal the ball!
What?
From there?
Igaguri?
I stopped it. damn it!
Team Z
BL Ranking
th
Nice blocking with your face!
Bring it. Blunt Bangs.
Don't think you can run past me twice.
Yeah. I know.
But this isn't like last time.
I'm not the only one who's fighting now.
Team Z has awakened!
Yeah!
Team Z
BL Ranking
th
Tch.
Stop him! Don't let him get
within shooting range!
At 28 meters out. the success rate of
my weapon—my mid-range shot—jumps up.
Too far out still.
I can't score unless I evolve.
What do I do? Should I try
to dribble past them?
No. that's not in my arsenal.
Pass it to me. Kunigami!
What should I do?
If this were to be my
last game. what would I—
Don't be scared. Kunigami! Go for it!
You're gonna be a superhero. aren't you?
Huh? Wait. yeah. that's right.
If I want to evolve. I shouldn't settle
for doing something I can already do!
No one's pressing me.
A shot from outside my 28-meter range.
Zeroing in on the sweet spot
for a full-power. technical shot!
If I were a superhero. that's what I'd do!
A long shot from outside his range?
But it's dead center.
If I punch it clear...
There was no spin?!
Take that!
One more goal and we're tied!
Kunigami's shot was totally awesome!
Why didn't you tell us you had such
an amazing no-spin mid-range shot?
Superhero Gains-kun!
No...
I just focused on how I made
contact with the ball more than usual.
And I feel like I experienced
a new sensation for scoring.
Still. that was amazing!
So you broke through for real!
There's a formula for scoring
that uses your weapon.
And if you extrapolate it. there's a new
sensation for scoring waiting at the end.
Basically. your ego can only evolve as an
extension of what you are capable of now.
Then. what's in my arsenal right now?
My spatial awareness?
My movement on the field?
How did I manage to score that goal?
If this is to be my last game.
I want to try out a new version of myself!
Our five-at-the-back formation is working.
Let's give more than a hundred
percent in the second half. too!
Yeah! Whether you like it or not.
we only have 45 minutes left!
We'll level the match. then score the winner!
Do your job. front line!
We'll be the ones to win this!
Yeah!
We'll be the ones to win this.
They're sitting deep.
and all they do is counter.
We'll change our own tactics in response.
That redhead...
He called me stupid. even though
he doesn't know me. He's going down.
That's the spirit. stupid Zantetsu.
There's no way we're gonna lose. Okay. Nagi?
Sure.
Final Match
Building 5
Go. Kunigami!
Of course they'd press me quicker now.
It's obviously reckless to
shoot from here. In that case...
And immediately out to Gagamaru!
Team Z
BL Ranking
th
Where is that going?
Aw. man. I'm too far ahead of it.
Whatever. I'll shoot. anyway.
Wow! A scorpion kick!
All right.
Huh?
Where'd you come from?
You're defending now?
They've beefed up their defense.
Second ball!
Team Z
BL Ranking
th
It's 22... No. 23 meters to the goal.
I can make that. just about.
Crap. The path of my shot got blocked.
It's no good. This formula
won't allow me to score a goal.
Isagi. behind you!
What are you doing? You suck!
Get back!
I'm sorry!
What am I lacking? What could I have done?
Clear it!
I managed to get in range for
a shot. but I couldn't shoot.
If my weapon was dribbling.
or a strong physique to hold onto the ball...
No. wishing for things
I don't have is pointless.
A clue to how I can evolve
lies somewhere inside of me.
I gotta think about what I can and can't do!
How do I evolve my weapon
in this limited amount of time?!
You're totally useless.
You were so full of yourself.
so why didn't you shoot?
You're so inefficient.
Nagi Seishiro!
But I mean. why don't you just give up?
Why are you still coming at us?
Are you stupid? I don't get it.
If my talents were at your level.
I would've quit soccer by now.
So tell me.
What motivates you so much?
Shut up. genius.
I'm about to get to the good part!
What's with that creature?
Stay up top. Nagi!
We'll hit them on the counter!
I'm not letting you go anywhere!
Are you my stalker or what?
I'll demolish you!
The match is turning out
just as you predicted. Ego-san.
Yeah. it's intense.
Win or lose. Life or death.
Every time that line is crossed.
a striker is forced to awaken.
This is what I wanted to see.
Anri-chan. do you know
what it means to awaken?
Huh? Um. is it like going from ordinary to
extraordinary. like a Super Sai... Well. that?
Yup. you're way off.
That's a silly analogy made by someone
who's never tasted success.
Sill—
Awakening is like doing a jigsaw puzzle with your
accumulated thoughts and experiences.
You're faced with an extreme situation to
get the win. and after much trial and error.
that's when the pieces for success all
fall into place. and a new ego blooms.
In short. the moment you awaken is the
moment you learn who you really are.
Why didn't you shoot?
You're so inefficient.
"Inefficient"?
I see. I was being inefficient.
That moment I took to think
about whether to shoot...
That lost moment gave them
time to block my shot.
With my weapon—my spatial awareness—
I can get into a good position for a shot.
But if I don't shoot. nothing will happen!
Cut out the waste!
Reo! Build it up one more time!
Tsk. This stalker's really annoying.
Hey. what's the matter?
Gonna report me to the police?
He's been running non-stop.
Doesn't he ever get tired?
I'll admit that you're good.
But I'm starting to see how to stop you.
When you receive a pass.
the first thing you do is look for Nagi!
Tch.
Nice work. Raichi! The pass lanes to Nagi
are limited now. so it's easier to defend.
Yup. you don't scare me anymore. genius.
Amen!
You can't do anything
unless Reo tells you to.
Same goes for you. Reo!
Without that genius.
you're just a master of none!
You bastard.
Team V. Number 9. Mikage Reo.
Yellow card for elbowing an opponent.
Go on. get frustrated.
One more card and you're off.
Go. missy!
Team Z
BL Ranking
th
Do your thing!
Just try it. missy.
I'm faster.
Don't call me "missy."
If I don't outrun him. we can't score.
Against his center of gravity!
This way?
He reacts fast. too.
I see.
His weapon is most likely
his explosive acceleration.
He has the advantage when comparing
reaction times at this distance.
I have no chance against him.
no matter how many times I try.
But wait.
I did get a touch on the ball earlier.
In that case...
If one doesn't exist. I should create a
situation where I can fully utilize my weapon!
There's no one there.
Is that a desperate pass?
Yup. To myself.
Huh? You're so naïve. missy. I told you...
I'm faster!
I know that. Stupid Specs.
Only initially. though.
Huh?
An awakening can only happen
in extreme situations.
For example. when faced with a formidable
foe. the weak crank their skills up to ten...
to create a new formula to win.
Over ten meters. where initial velocity
is everything. I can't beat him.
So what I'll do is draw him out to a range
where my weapon is at its most effective!
Fifty meters in 5.77 seconds.
At top speed on a long sprint. I'm faster!
Back off. slowpoke.
Thirty minutes until the end of the match.
The best striker in the world is...
the one that can dominate...
this blue frenzy.
Blue Lock. Additional Time.
A
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
Team Z Impersonation Championship No.\h\h1
Naruhaya Asahi
"Hey. that's my dumpling."
Gagamaru. That's totally Gagamaru.
Naruhaya
Asahi
Iemon
Okuhito
Imamura
Yudai
Correct!
Sounded just like him!
Naruhaya
Asahi
Iemon
Okuhito
Imamura
Yudai
Chigiri
Hyoma
What are you doing?
It's the "Who Am I?" championship. right?
Bachira
Meguru
Okay! My turn next!
"If you need to betray people to win.
do it. Great work. Team Z."
Kuon!
Correct. "Great work."
Kuon
Wataru
Anyone could do that.
Kuon
Wataru
Then. it's your turn next. Chigiri.
No. I'm good.
C'mon. do it. shy boy!
Yeah! It's the young lady's
impersonation debut!
Um...
"If you just want to play friendly games
with your buddies. then lock off."
Lock off. lock off. lock off...
Lock
Off
We have a winner!
Lock
Off
We concede. missy!
Lock
Off